# 2021-10-28 - Starting Twitter Data Gather

## Goals
This is for the, hopefully, extension to the reddit location data project, just now with twitter data.

I have the app set up on the [twitter developer page](https://developer.twitter.com/en/portal/projects-and-apps), and made an evnironment file with all of the tokens and secrets.

## Using
* python-decouples 
	- for managing the env file. I'd like to use this more often. 
	- Link [here](https://github.com/henriquebastos/python-decouple/)
* python-twitter 
	- wrapper for the twitter API.
	- DONT USE - see later
	- Link [here](https://github.com/bear/python-twitter)
	- 
	
## 00\_test\_api.py
For the basics I just followed the tutorials above and got a working general query. To improve on this, I need to figure out how to search for users with location data in a specific place. 

## Twitter Search API - Tweepy
ok the python-twitter library is giving me a lot of grief. Switched to a new one. 

* tweepy
	- for better maintained twitter access.
	- Link [here](https://github.com/tweepy/tweepy)


## 02\_test\_tweepy.py
Ok so this shows off how to use tweepy, including how to format a geocode for getting location specific tweets. 

I think this is the way we find users "within" a given area. 

I should also look into the places thing? Idk. 


## Paging
Next step shoul dbe learning to use the tweet ID to implement some paging. Will need to store a 'current ID' and pass a 'after' value. I guess we know we're done with a query when we get a nothing return. 

Could test this out by trying to count the number of tweets from a small area for a large period. I could start with a small period, and increase it, and observe the counts to make sure it's seeing a sensible increase. That would make me feel safe that it's working as intended. 

## DB and Tweepy
03 and 04 show how to handle paging, and then how to handle DB inserting.

Biggest gripe was getting the date string right, and formatting the insertion queries. Luckily the datetimes from the returned tweet/user result isn't a string, its an actual datetime.datetime object, and can be passed right to the format method. 

Next steps should be wrapping it all up in an app that I can run on in a bash script/cron job. 

Also, should make some scripts to create the tables and forgein keys and test it on another comp/the minecraft server.