# 2021-10-28 - Starting Twitter Data Gather

## Goals
This is for the, hopefully, extension to the reddit location data project, just now with twitter data.

I have the app set up on the [twitter developer page](https://developer.twitter.com/en/portal/projects-and-apps), and made an evnironment file with all of the tokens and secrets.

## Using
* python-decouples 
	- for managing the env file. I'd like to use this more often. 
	- Link [here](https://github.com/henriquebastos/python-decouple/)
* python-twitter 
	- wrapper for the twitter API.
	- Link [here](https://github.com/bear/python-twitter)
	
## 00\_test\_api.py
For the basics I just followed the tutorials above and got a working general query. To improve on this, I need to figure out how to search for users with location data in a specific place. 

## Twitter Search API - Tweepy
ok the python-twitter library is giving me a lot of grief. Switched to a new one. 

* tweepy
	- for better maintained twitter access.
	- Link [here](https://github.com/tweepy/tweepy)


## 02\_test\_tweepy.py
Ok so this shows off how to use tweepy, including how to format a geocode for getting location specific tweets. 

I think this is the way we find users "within" a given area. 

I should also look into the places thing? Idk. 


## Paging
Next step shoul dbe learning to use the tweet ID to implement some paging. Will need to store a 'current ID' and pass a 'after' value. I guess we know we're done with a query when we get a nothing return. 

Could test this out by trying to count the number of tweets from a small area for a large period. I could start with a small period, and increase it, and observe the counts to make sure it's seeing a sensible increase. That would make me feel safe that it's working as intended. 